Carrot Town
Carrot Town is the great city of carrots.;Its agricultural roots can be traced ;thousands of years! There is no better ;place to buy fruits, vegetables ;and, of course, carrots.
280,480
Dryad's Grove,Mount Goblin,Steel Ville
Steel Ville
Jag kanner att vi borde byta ut den ;har staden one of these days
700,670
Carrot Town,Mount Goblin,The Tomb,Winghelm,Hymn Harbor,Sanctuary
Tower Town
If you don't like heights then Tower Town ;might not be the place for you. The city ;has towers and tall building everywhere ;and of course they had to place every ;shop at the top. ;Sigh...
1500,600
Winghelm,Pyramaad,Sanctuary
Hymn Harbor
Hymn Harbor has ships like you've never seen. ;Beeing at the center of the map with ;trade ships delivering goods all day, ;it's only natural that this city has a ;diverse collection of wares.
1170,310
Winghelm,Steel Ville,Sanctuary
Winghelm
The city got it's name after the ;great gryphons that roam the ;surrounding lands. They are however, ;starting to die out because of the ;increased demand for "Gryphon McNuggets".
1480,350
Pyramaad,Tower Town,Sanctuary,Hymn Harbor,Steel Ville
Pyramaad
In this desert city you can't buy ;any water. Fortunatly, you can't do ;that in any other city either. ;Here, however, one is able to find ;lots of magical items and artifacts.
1580,180
Tower Town,Winghelm
Mount Goblin
The greatest goblin city there is! ;Might also be the only goblin city ;there is. Placed on the mountain ;that is just a little bit taller ;than the less famous "Mount Human".
120,700
Carrot Town,Steel Ville,The Tomb
Sanctuary
This city was created by the cleric Henry the smitefull ;when he thought: "What would ;happen if every house in the ;city was a church?". Now we know.
1270,880
Tower Town,Winghelm,Hymn Harbor,Steel Ville
Dryad's Grove
16249 years ago the Elves and creatures ;of the forrest united to create ;this city of nature. Legends ;tell of a dragon that tried to ;burn down the city once but ;he got his ass whooped.
110,250
Carrot Town
The Tomb
The Tomb is a pretty cool place for ;everyone who loves ghouls, ;suffering and the everlasting void. ;Founded by Carl the Necromancer, ;the Tomb is the world hub of ;everything that concerns the dark arts.
340,860
Mount Goblin,Steel Ville